The development of autonomous vehicles by automotive and technology
companies, is an exciting and active area of research receiving
much media attention.  Fascination extends from the independence of
these vehicles, gained by measuring their local environments using a
number of sensing and imaging technologies.  The widely adopted SAE
International's Levels of Driving Automation define a six-level scale
describing vehicle independence, with higher levels indicating more
sophisticated automation.  Contemporary research has recently developed
vehicles rated at level-3 in which vehicles can operate autonomously but
do not support all driving modes, such as high speed highway driving or
low speed traffic jams and, in an emergency, require driver intervention.
To attain higher levels of driving automation vehicles must be able to
reason about their environment to be able to support all driving modes
and to react in emergencies.  To achieve this, research must extend to
fully-connected vehicles, in which vehicles become more aware of their
environment, at greater distances, by communicating with other vehicles
and transport infrastructure.

The speed and latency communication requirements of fully-connected
vehicles preclude their use of 4G and even 5G telephony networks.
Instead, vehicles will communicate using localised and temporarily-formed
vehicle ad-hoc networks (VANETs).  Without a centralised authority, VANETs
are susceptible to malicious attacks from vehicles and even roadside
infrastructure, which can transmit falsified information about vehicles'
motion and road conditions.  Such attacks have the potential to disable
individual vehicles, dramatically increase congestion, and even cause
potentially fatal accidents.  Past research has attempted to address this
problem using roadside units (RSU), devices which supply services such
as temporary authentication or systems to prevent identified malicious
actors from communicating.  However, these units will incur a large cost
to set up, will have a transition period before they are operational and,
particularly in a large country such as Australia with remote areas,
cannot offer full coverage.

To better support the detection of falsified or simply errant information,
we require a decentralised system which establishes localised reputation-
and trust-based networks between fully-connected vehicles.  Information
received by each vehicle must be verified by calculations that match
data from physical systems on the vehicle and the degree of consensus
about the same information also received by neighbouring vehicles.
